Adjust Keda docs according to the documentation requirements (#156)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/contributor/01-10-installation.md

  - [Install Keda module on remote Kyma runtime](#install-keda-module-on-remote-kyma-runtime)

Learn how to install the Keda module locally (on k3d) or on your remote cluster.

## Prerequisites

- Access to a Kubernetes (v1.24 or higher) cluster
- [Go](https://go.dev/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
- [kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/)

## Install Keda module from the latest release

1. Clone the project and open the `keda-manager` folder.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager.git && cd keda-manager/
   ```
2. To install the Keda module, you must install Keda Manager first. Apply the following script:

   ```bash
   kubectl create ns kyma-system
   kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-manager.yaml
   ```

3. To get KEDA installed, apply the sample Keda CR:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_keda.yaml
   ```
   You should get a result similar to this example:

   ```bash
   keda.operator.kyma-project.io/default created
   ```

## Install Keda Manager from the local sources 

> 

Reviewer: no prerequisites for this, like having a local cluster with k3d or something similar?

Author: General prerequisites are given at the beginning.

    - [Run Keda module with Lifecycle Manager](#run-keda-module-with-lifecycle-manager)
    - [Run Keda module on bare k3d](#run-keda-module-on-bare-k3d)
  - [Install Keda module on remote Kyma runtime](#install-keda-module-on-remote-kyma-runtime)

Learn how to install the Keda module locally (on k3d) or on your remote cluster.

## Prerequisites

- Access to a Kubernetes (v1.24 or higher) cluster
- [Go](https://go.dev/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
- [kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/)

## Install Keda module from the latest release

1. Clone the project and open the `keda-manager` folder.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager.git && cd keda-manager/
   ```
2. To install the Keda module, you must install Keda Manager first. Apply the following script:

   ```bash
   kubectl create ns kyma-system
   kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-manager.yaml
   ```

3. To get KEDA installed, apply the sample Keda CR:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_keda.yaml
   ```

> You should get a result similar to the this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You should get a result similar to the this example:
```

   ```bash
   keda.operator.kyma-project.io/default created
   ```

## Install Keda Manager from the local sources 

You can build and run the Keda Manager in the Kubernetes cluster without Kyma.
For the day-to-day development on your machine, you don't always need to have it controlled by Kyma's Lifecycle Manager.

> Run the following commands to deploy Keda Manager on a target Kubernetes cluster (for example, on k3d):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to deploy Keda Manager on a target Kubernetes cluster, such as k3d:
```

1. Clone the project.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager.git && cd keda-manager/
   ```

2. Set the Keda Manager image name.

   > NOTE: You can use local k3d registry or your Docker Hub account to push intermediate images.  
   ```bash
   export IMG=<DOCKER_USERNAME>/custom-keda-manager:0.0.2
   ```

3. Verify the compatibility.

   ```bash
   make test
   ```
4. Build and push the image to the registry.

   ```bash
   make module-image
   ```
5. Create a target Namespace.

   ```bash
   kubectl create ns kyma-system
   ```

6. Deploy Keda Manager.

   ```bash
   make deploy
   ```

7. Verify if Keda Manager is deployed.

   ```bash
   kubectl get deployments -n kyma-system
   ```

   You should get a result similar to this example:

   ```
   NAME                             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
   keda-manager            1/1     1            1           1m
   ```

## Make targets to run Keda module locally k3d

### Run Keda module with Lifecycle Manager

> Use the dedicated `make` target (in the `hack` folder).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the dedicated `make` target from the `hack` folder.
```

   ```
3. If you want to clean up the k3d cluster, use the `make -C hack/local stop` make target.

## Install Keda module on remote Kyma runtime

> Prerequisite: Lifecycle Manager must be installed on the cluster (locally), or the cluster itself must be managed remotely by the central control-plane.

Author: I'd change it to a note. What do you think?
